Just kidding, you can go away
Don't worry about what we're talking about.
I, Zhang Yufeng, keep my word, thank you, big brother.
I'll go first then.
Go go go go go
Xiaoya, are you alright?
What are you doing here?
Xiaoya, I'm sorry.
I misunderstood you
I heard about Carl
I thought you were good friends
Who is his good friend?
You believe what others say, right?
I was wrong.
I shouldn't have listened to others.
But I don't trust my girlfriend
He did so many things to you that were too much for him
I'll hit you hit me
Who wants to hit you? I still think my hand hurts
Then I'll do it myself.
Hey what are you doing
Xiaoya
I figured it out.
I love you for who you are
Rather than your past
I don't care what you've done before.
I wouldn't mind.
I don't have it.
I know. I know!
You give me one last chance
Trust me once, okay?
OK
Trust you again
Really? That's great.
Ah what are you doing, why are you coming down hahaha
Xiaoya
It will be your birthday in a few days. What do you want to do?
Well, just have a simple meal
No way.
My daughter Jiang Yi wants the best of everything
Don't waste it.
It's okay, I'll arrange it.
Wow, it's beautiful. Yeah.